[Fix]modify download links & remove some links' suffix `_EN`(master) (#3573)
apache/doris: docs/en/downloads/downloads.md

| 0.11.0 | 2019-11-29 | [Source](https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=/incubator/doris/0.11.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.11.0-incubating-src.tar.gz) ([Signature](https://www.apache.org/dist/incubator/doris/0.11.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.11.0-incubating-src.tar.gz.asc) [SHA512](https://www.apache.org/dist/incubator/doris/0.11.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.11.0-incubating-src.tar.gz.sha512)) |
| 0.10.0 | 2019-07-02 | [Source](https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=/incubator/doris/0.10.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.10.0-incubating-src.tar.gz) ([Signature](https://www.apache.org/dist/incubator/doris/0.10.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.10.0-incubating-src.tar.gz.asc) [SHA512](https://www.apache.org/dist/incubator/doris/0.10.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.10.0-incubating-src.tar.gz.sha512)) |
| 0.9.0 | 2019-02-18 | [Source](https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=/incubator/doris/0.9.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.9.0-incubating-src.tar.gz) ([Signature](https://www.apache.org/dist/incubator/doris/0.9.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.9.0-incubating-src.tar.gz.asc) [SHA512](https://www.apache.org/dist/incubator/doris/0.9.0-incubating/apache-doris-0.9.0-incubating-src.tar.gz.sha512)) |
 

> To verify the downloaded files, please read [Verify Apache Release](../community/verify-apache-release.html) and using these [KEYS](https://downloads.apache.org/incubator/doris/KEYS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the downloaded files, please read [Verify Apache Release](../community/verify-apache-release.html) and using these [KEYS](https://www.apache.org/dist/incubator/doris/KEYS).
```
